alligator went to serve
on the fleet in the Barents Sea passed exercises with
helicopter 52 over two
weeks fighting vehicle practiced landing
to the deck of the ship if the current teachings
alligators will be recognized as successful
will be the main striking force
Mistral helicopter carriers
in three years will go on
armament of the Russian fleet
report of Dmitry Vysotsky
this event is sure to go into
naval aviation history
you see unique shots for the first time
helicopter ka 52 is landing on
large antisubmarine deck
ship
helicopter landing pad only 12
meters 2 less than the length of the
the helicopter however pilot
rolling conditions strong side
wind succeeds on the first try
put the car on deck 152 its still
called alligator for external similarity with
reptile
created by the design office
behalf of Kamov for the needs of army aviation and
first his samples have already arrived on
land forces
even foreign experts recognize
today it is the best helicopter mi
years created a system for the arrangement of screws
allows him to perform combat
tasks in almost any conditions
but landing on the deck is one of the most difficult
piloting elements
and even a thirty year old pilot
experience
Vitaly Lebedev before the first flight
Navigator do not hide excitement
he is not afraid
Direction of the wind
in principle until certain
value
m all the same
tail wind side meeting
self-controllability this
helicopter
simpler than tails helicopters
screw
before flying to the helicopter installed
dozens of sensor developers
interested in the load on the chassis
boarding the ship is usually tougher
devices fixed
elevated brothers lobes but even in
strong storm helicopter
sit down and take off from the deck without problems from
the results of these tests in many ways
depends the fate of another one more
significant project
ship version ka 52 will be the main
helicopter guns
mistral which 2014 must do
on arms of the Russian military
navy specifically for this
ship type ministry of defense
intends to order three dozen super
modern rotorcraft
sea-based helicopters will equip
additional navigation
equipment
for pilots install system
conditioning rescuers
overalls and the machine itself will change
Army khaki on blue on the ship
always appreciated that dimensions yes
this is the most important volume accommodation in
hangar and so on the helicopter will
it is provided we put on Syria
folding wings that knowledge
significantly reduce the size and
increase the number of flying
flight deck hangar
in the basic version ka 52 is capable of
accidents shoot blades and both seats
pilots are equipped with a catapult
Moscow modification supplement system
security that will help the pilots
Alien developers are driving for now
keeps secret
but the term of the first experienced
sample ship ka 52 is already known
2012 in five years the designer promises
KAM Alligators will take the place not
only on mistral but also on other ships
navy
instead of vysotsky dmitry ivannikov
lead Murmansk